README.md, before:

# TransTerm
A terminal based youtube to mp3, wav and transcriber with a nice TUI

![transterm](https://i.imgur.com/Ly6ZWa6.png)


## What is this
TransTerm is an highly experimental text based graphical user interface to act on YouTube videos.

Being text based, this program runs even in the terminal.

## Features

- Download any youtube video at the highest resolution by default in mp4 format
- Is able to automatically convert the downloaded video both in mp3 or wav format
- Transcribe the downloaded video using either:
    • Google Audio to Text
    • Google Audio to Text + Silence detection
    • Sphynx CMU (processed offline locally)

## Installation for Mac & Linux

      git clone https://github.com/thecookingsenpai/transterm && cd transterm 

      sudo chmod +x install.sh

      ./install.sh

## Installation for Window

      git clone https://github.com/thecookingsenpai/transterm && cd transterm && pip3 install -r requirements.txt

## Usage

      python3 gui.py


## License

CreativeCommons BY-NC-SA 4.0

Commit message:

Fixed some typos, bugfixed a lot and added playlist support with automatic conversion. Also better verbosity

README.md, after:

# TransTerm
A terminal based youtube to mp3, wav and transcriber with a nice TUI

![transterm](https://i.imgur.com/Ly6ZWa6.png)


## What is this
TransTerm is an highly experimental text based graphical user interface to act on YouTube videos.

Being text based, this program runs even in the terminal.

## Features

- Download any youtube video at the highest resolution by default in mp4 format
- Is able to automatically convert the downloaded video both in mp3 or wav format
- Transcribe the downloaded video using either:
    • Google Audio to Text
    • Google Audio to Text + Silence detection
    • Sphynx CMU (processed offline locally)

## Installation for Mac & Linux

      git clone https://github.com/thecookingsenpai/transterm && cd transterm 

      sudo chmod +x install.sh

      ./install.sh

## Installation for Window

      git clone https://github.com/thecookingsenpai/transterm && cd transterm && pip3 install -r requirements.txt

## Usage

      python3 gui.py

## Contributing

You are welcome and free to contribute to the project. To do that, you have a few ways:

- Add some kind of functionality and create a PR
- Search the lines marked with TODO and FIXME in the code for the most urgent things
- In any case, thank you!


## License

CreativeCommons BY-NC-SA 4.0
